[MUSIC PLAYING]
The world is going
to get more and more
unstable in world level stuff--
economically, politically,
socially, ecologically.
And what this is about
is seeing the possibility
that one can ride
the waves of change
without being wiped out by them.
I was sitting in an
earthquake recently,
which in San Francisco,
that's not unusual,
and things were
flying off the shelf
and doors were flying open.
And I didn't know whether
the plan would open up
and me and the house and
all of it would be a memory.
And I remember thinking,
ahh, ahh, ahh, so here we go.
And it's the girl
in the village that
has a love affair
with the fisherman
and she becomes pregnant
and she doesn't want
to admit it was a fisherman.
So she says it was the
monk up in the monastery.
So when the baby's born,
they take-- the villagers
take the baby to the monastery,
and they knock at the gate.
And the monk opens the gate,
and they say here's a baby.
You are the sire of it.
You raise it.
And the monk said, ahh, so.
And he took the baby
and closed the gate.
Some years later,
the girl was dying,
and she didn't want to
die without confessing
that it was not the monk.
It was the fishermen, and
the townspeople really
realized they had
made a mistake.
And so they went up, and
they knocked at the gate.
And the gate was opened,
and there stood the monk
with the child, who
was now nine years old.
And the people said we
really made a mistake,
and it is not your
responsibility
to raise the child.
And now we will be happy
to take care of the child.
And the monk said, ahh, so.
So I invite you, if you're
looking for a mantra,
try that one.
Ahh, so.
Your check just
bounced, ahh, so.
Transmission fell
out of your car.
Ahh, so.
Try the little ones first.
Before you get to, ahh, dying
of a terrible disease, ahh, so.
See you don't laugh, do you?
Got you.
Got you where you live see.
Ahh so.